Add chapter (#11)
meg-simula/2024-fenics-proceedings: book/chapters/zhang/main.tex

\begin{figure}[h]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.8\textwidth]{book/chapters/zhang/graphics/T_ave_dc.pdf}
    \caption{Average temperatures with different contact areas}
    \label{fig:T_ave}
\end{figure}

As shown in Figure \ref{fig:T_ave} is the average temperature for these three cases. The maximum temperature difference is 20 $^{\circ}\text{C}$ between 20\% and 100\% contact areas. The maximum relative difference is 16.6\%. The average temperature is not sensitive to different contact areas since the total heat input is the same, while only heat dissipation is slightly different because the temperature distribution of the brake discs is uneven. Uneven temperature distribution can be proven through the comparison of the maximum temperatures.

\begin{figure}[h]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.8\textwidth]{book/chapters/zhang/graphics/T_max_dc.pdf}
    \caption{The maximum temperatures with different contact areas}
    \label{fig:T_max}
\end{figure}

> As shown in Figure \ref{fig:T_max} is the maximum temperature of brake discs. The maximum temperature difference is more than 300 $^{\circ}\text{C}$, and the relative difference can reach 160\%. Small contact areas induce higher local temperatures since contact pressure is significantly increased and all friction heat is loaded on limited surfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Figure \ref{fig:T_max} shows the maximum temperature of the brake discs. The maximum temperature difference is more than 300 $^{\circ}\text{C}$, and the relative difference can reach 160\%. Small contact areas induce higher local temperatures since contact pressure is significantly increased and all friction heat is loaded on limited surfaces.
```

> More advanced research can be conducted based on this FEM model, including sensitivity analysis of railway brake disc temperature development. In the future, the following needs to be developed to build a more realistic model to investigate different brake designs: 1, Coupling elastic equation to get deformation details of the brake pads. 2, Considering more nonlinear parameters, like a variable coefficient of friction, and temperature-dependent material properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More advanced research can be conducted based on this FEM model, including sensitivity analysis of railway brake disc temperature development. In the future, the following need to be considered to build a more realistic model to investigate different brake designs:

\begin{enumerate}
\item Coupling elastic equations to get deformation details of the brake pads.
\item Considering more nonlinear parameters, like a variable coefficient of friction, and temperature-dependent material properties.
\end{enumerate}
```

\section*{Conclusion}

> This study investigates the influence of contact area on the temperature of railway brake discs. A FEM model in FEniCSx is built and validated. The following conclusions can be drawn:
> 1: The contact area does not influence average temperature significantly while a small contact area induces a higher maximum temperature.
> 2: FEM based research on thermal analysis of brake systems should model real contact areas between brake pads and discs to get an accurate temperature distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This study investigates the influence of contact area on the temperature of railway brake discs. A FEM model in FEniCSx is built and validated. The following conclusions can be drawn:
\begin{enumerate}
\item The contact area does not influence average temperature significantly while a small contact area induces a higher maximum temperature.
\item FEM based research on thermal analysis of brake systems should model real contact areas between brake pads and discs to get an accurate temperature distribution.
\end{enumerate}
```

\begin{equation}
    \rho c \frac{\partial T}{\partial t} + \nabla \cdot (- k \nabla T) = f,
    \label{heat equation}
\end{equation}
where \( \rho \) is density, \( c \) is thermal capacity, \( T \) is temperature, \( t \) is time, \( k \) is the overall heat transfer coefficient, and \( f \) is the inner heat source. The time derivative on the right-hand side can be approximated by a difference quotient. Here we use the Euler backward method for consideration of numerical stability. After that, all items are multiplied by a test function \( v \) and integrated by parts. Then according to the divergence theorem, the bilinear form \( a(T,v) \) and linear form \( L(v) \) are

\begin{equation}
    a(T,v) = \frac{\rho c}{\Delta t} \int_\Omega T v dx + \int_\Omega k \nabla T \cdot \nabla v dx + \int_{\partial \Omega} h T v ds + \int_{\partial \Omega} \epsilon \sigma T^4 v ds,
\end{equation}

\begin{equation}
    L_{n+1}(v) = \int_\Omega f^{n+1} v dx 
    + \frac{\rho c}{\Delta t} \int_\Omega  T^{n} v dx 
    -  \int_{\partial \Omega} q v ds
    +  \int_{\partial \Omega} h T_a v ds 
    + \int_{\partial \Omega} \epsilon \sigma T_a^4 v ds,
\end{equation}

> where \( \Omega \) is the computation domain, \( \partial \Omega \) is the boundary, \( dx \) is the differential element for integration over the domain, and \( ds \) is the differential element for integration over the boundary, \( h \) is the heat convection coefficient,  \(\Delta t\)\ is the time step, \(n\) is an integer counting time levels. The thermal radiation equation is based on Stefan-Boltzmann Law, where \( \epsilon \) is the emissivity, \( \sigma \) is Stefan-Boltzmann constant, \(T\) is the temperature and \(T^4\) is the temperature to the power of four, \( T_a \) is ambient temperature. For more detailed derivation, please see  \href{https://github.com/Yanjun96/fenicsx/blob/main/derivation_of_heat_transfer.pdf}{derivation of weak form for heat transfer equation}.

Reviewer 2: Related to the href comment - please avoid links, use a citation to a web resource, see e.g. `@online` https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/3587/how-can-i-use-bibtex-to-cite-a-web-page

Author: thanks, now have removed this package and added the link as a citation.
